New wording for some tag messages (#1405)
python-discord/bot: bot/resources/tags/f-strings.md

Creating a Python string with your variables using the `+` operator can be difficult to write and read. F-strings (*format-strings*) make it easy to insert values into a string. If you put an `f` in front of the first quote, you can then put Python expressions between curly braces in the string.

```py
>>> snake = "pythons"
>>> number = 21
>>> f"There are {number * 2} {snake} on the plane."
"There are 42 pythons on the plane."
```

> Note that even when you include an expression that isn't a string, like `number * 2`, Python will handle converting it to a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that even when you include an expression that isn't a string, like `number * 2`, Python will convert it to a string for you.
```
Both work, but this version seems more direct.
